---
title: Understanding Issue Labels
sidebarTitle: Interpreting Issue Labels
---

This segment delves into the variety of issue labels used within the
[Nixtla GitHub repository](https://github.com/nixtla/nixtla).

## Labels Relevant to Contributors

Should you be a contributor now or in the future, it’s important to take
note of issues flagged with these labels.

### The `first-timers-only` Label

For those who have not yet contributed to Nixtla, start by looking for
issues tagged as `first-timers-only`.

Please note that before we can accept your contribution to Nixtla,
you’ll need to sign our [Contributor License
Agreement](https://github.com/nixtla/nixtla_native/blob/stable/assets/contributions-agreement/individual-contributor.md).

You can browse all `first-timers-only` issues
[here](https://github.com/nixtla/nixtla/labels/first-timers-only).

### The `good first issue` Label

Issues labeled as `good first issue` are ideal for newcomers.

You can browse all `good first issue` issues
[here](https://github.com/nixtla/nixtla/labels/good%20first%20issue).

### The `help wanted` Label

Issues tagged as `help wanted` are open to anyone who wishes to
contribute to Nixtla.

You can browse all `help wanted` issues
[here](https://github.com/nixtla/nixtla/labels/help%20wanted).

### The `bug` Label

The `bug` label flags issues that outline something that’s currently not
functioning correctly.

You can report a bug by following the instructions
[here](../../contribute/issues#report-a-bug).

### The `discussion` Label

If an issue is labeled as `discussion`, it signifies that more
conversation is needed before it can be resolved.

### The `documentation` Label

The `documentation` label identifies issues pertaining to our
documentation.

You can contribute to improving our documentation by creating issues
following the guidelines
[here](../../contribute/issues#improve-our-docs).

### The `enhancement` Label

As Nixtla continues to evolve, there are always areas that can be
enhanced. All issues suggesting improvements to Nixtla are tagged with
the `enhancement` label.

You can propose a feature by following the instructions
[here](../../contribute/issues#request-a-feature).

### The `discussion` Label

If an issue is labeled as `discussion`, it needs more information before
it can be resolved.

### The `requested` Label

Our users are welcomed to propose improvements, report bugs, request
feature, etc. Any issue originating from them is flagged as `requested`.

